in this video I'll be demonstrating how
to get the boost mobile
sanyo incognito SPC are also known as
the MSL code using CM a workshop in Winx
you want to go ahead and connect your
Boost Mobile Sanyo incognito to your PC
go through all the prompts connect to pc
this one does have a memory card so I'm
going to select cancel excuse me
so then you want going to CDMA workshop
select your comport select connect and
then read you're gonna get an error that
says phone does not accept SBC SPC is
not correct phone may not respond during
10 seconds and then your phone will do
this
start dialing four four four three okay
then you'll see here your information
appear over here what we're gonna want
to do is we're gonna want to go ahead
and go to memory you want to put your
start address at zero three six zero
three six two through our excuse me and
the dress is going to be zero three six
five so these are the memory locations
on where the SVC is located we're gonna
want to go ahead and select read so as
you can see it's reading the bottom
right here
shouldn't take too long
okay I'm gonna go ahead and say this is
a desktop and I'm just gonna name it
sanyo SPC go and save that go and
minimize CDMA workshop I'll just be
pulling over Winx
so all you got to do is from your
desktop wherever you put your bin file
you just want to pick it up and drag it
drop it alright so here it is now what I
do are excuse me next thing to do is you
want to come up to specialist it's
located at the top right here select
specialist gather text it's gonna say
fully available only for owners of a
specialized forensic license it's select
ok it's gonna bring up this window right
here you want six successive recognize
text by six successive it should already
be defaulted to numbers but if letters
and punctuation is marked uncheck those
uncheck everything else all you want
checked as numbers select okay
and it's gonna want to save the file I
just say right to the desktop select
okay and here's the SVC code so let's go
ahead and test that out we go directly
on the phone to test it out so for this
handset now these SVC codes are unique
to each handset so you'll have to follow
these directions to get it go ahead and
dial pound pound so this thing can allow
me to do it which is fine let's go back
to CDMA workshop so fYI this is normal
when you read your phone's memory
it automatically basically puts your
phone in airplane mode a simple reboot
will do this at the end of the video
we'll get rid of this service required
please call do not freak out this is
will happens every Samuel incognito that
you read memory on it so we're going to
go back into CDMA workshop go to
security go to SPC user lock go ahead
and type in that number that came up in
your win hex file which is right here
this number right here this six digit
number
SVC codes or six digits three excuse me
so - three - zero 984 SVC we want to go
ahead and send that SPC is correct phone
is unlocked and that is how you get your
SPC code from the Boost Mobile Samuel
incognito now I'm gonna go ahead and
reboot the phone for you so I'm gonna
disconnect it from CDMA workshop won't
turn it off you don't have to do a
battery pool something I always do just
to make sure there's get everything done
get all the juice out of there want to
turn back on
now that memory location we searched 0 3
6 2 through 0 3 sir then the end
addresses 0 3 6 5 that is the memory
location for the incognito if you're
looking for another memory location on
different CDMA handset just comment
below and I'll try to get to you help
you out so as you can see everything's
fine now there's nothing wrong go ahead
and call 6 1 1 that era was excusing
that eras common want to put on speaker
I don't use this fall out so I don't
know this figure it is I ended the call
so everything's good and that will
conclude our video demonstrating how to
get the boost mobile Sanyo incognito SPC
Co if you have any questions go ahead
and message us on youtube or leave a
comment below and thank you for watching